c:\users\ajay.komirishetty\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FireSharpTutorial\FireSharpTutorial\bin\Debug\FireSharpTutorial.exe.config
c:\users\ajay.komirishetty\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FireSharpTutorial\FireSharpTutorial\bin\Debug\FireSharpTutorial.exe
c:\users\ajay.komirishetty\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FireSharpTutorial\FireSharpTutorial\bin\Debug\FireSharpTutorial.pdb
c:\users\ajay.komirishetty\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FireSharpTutorial\FireSharpTutorial\bin\Debug\FireSharp.dll
c:\users\ajay.komirishetty\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FireSharpTutorial\FireSharpTutorial\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.dll
c:\users\ajay.komirishetty\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FireSharpTutorial\FireSharpTutorial\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.dll
c:\users\ajay.komirishetty\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FireSharpTutorial\FireSharpTutorial\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
c:\users\ajay.komirishetty\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FireSharpTutorial\FireSharpTutorial\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\ajay.komirishetty\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FireSharpTutorial\FireSharpTutorial\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\ajay.komirishetty\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FireSharpTutorial\FireSharpTutorial\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\ajay.komirishetty\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FireSharpTutorial\FireSharpTutorial\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.xml
c:\users\ajay.komirishetty\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FireSharpTutorial\FireSharpTutorial\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
c:\users\ajay.komirishetty\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FireSharpTutorial\FireSharpTutorial\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.xml
c:\users\ajay.komirishetty\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FireSharpTutorial\FireSharpTutorial\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\ajay.komirishetty\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FireSharpTutorial\FireSharpTutorial\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\users\ajay.komirishetty\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FireSharpTutorial\FireSharpTutorial\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
c:\users\ajay.komirishetty\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FireSharpTutorial\FireSharpTutorial\obj\Debug\FireSharpTutorial.csproj.App.config
c:\users\ajay.komirishetty\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FireSharpTutorial\FireSharpTutorial\obj\Debug\FireSharpTutorial.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ajay.komirishetty\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FireSharpTutorial\FireSharpTutorial\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\ajay.komirishetty\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FireSharpTutorial\FireSharpTutorial\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\ajay.komirishetty\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FireSharpTutorial\FireSharpTutorial\obj\Debug\FireSharpTutorial_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\ajay.komirishetty\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FireSharpTutorial\FireSharpTutorial\obj\Debug\FireSharpTutorial_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\ajay.komirishetty\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FireSharpTutorial\FireSharpTutorial\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\ajay.komirishetty\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FireSharpTutorial\FireSharpTutorial\obj\Debug\FireSharpTutorial.g.resources
c:\users\ajay.komirishetty\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FireSharpTutorial\FireSharpTutorial\obj\Debug\FireSharpTutorial.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\ajay.komirishetty\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FireSharpTutorial\FireSharpTutorial\obj\Debug\FireSharpTutorial.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\ajay.komirishetty\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FireSharpTutorial\FireSharpTutorial\obj\Debug\FireSharpTutorial.exe
c:\users\ajay.komirishetty\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FireSharpTutorial\FireSharpTutorial\obj\Debug\FireSharpTutorial.pdb
